{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red252\green95\blue163;\red31\green31\blue36;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red65\green161\blue192;\red158\green241\blue221;\red103\green183\blue164;\red252\green106\blue93;\red161\green103\blue230;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c98839\c37355\c63833;\csgenericrgb\c12054\c12284\c14131;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c85000;
\csgenericrgb\c25490\c63137\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c61961\c94510\c86667;\csgenericrgb\c40538\c71705\c64209;\csgenericrgb\c98912\c41558\c36568;\csgenericrgb\c63137\c40392\c90196;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab593
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 func
\f1\b0 \cf4  \cf5 InitializeData\cf4 () \{\
        
\f0\b \cf2 let
\f1\b0 \cf4  g1 = \cf6 Game\cf4 ()\
        g1.\cf7 gamename\cf4  = \cf8 "Hi Fi Rush"\cf4 \
        g1.\cf7 genre\cf4  = \cf8 "Rhythm Action Brawler"\cf4 \
        g1.\cf7 releasedate\cf4  = \cf8 "Jan 25th, 2023"\cf4 \
        g1.\cf7 price\cf4  = \cf8 "$30"\cf4 \
        g1.\cf7 platform\cf4  = \cf8 "Xbox Series X|S, Steam"\cf4 \
        g1.\cf7 gamelength\cf4  = \cf8 "~12 Hours"\cf4 \
        g1.\cf7 reviews\cf4  = \cf8 "https://www.metacritic.com/game/hi-fi-rush/"\cf4 \
        g1.\cf7 gamedescription\cf4  = \cf8 "Hi Fi Rush was one of the first heavy hitters of 2023, and it took everyone by surprise. This rhythm action game managed to bring in a creative cast of characters with combat that syncs to the beat. From gameplay to cutscenes, everything goes to the rhythm of the wide variety of music tracks included in this game, many of which are licensed! It's great that the main character Chai wants to be a rockstar, because that has allowed for some awesome rock songs to make it into the game. The game has a beautiful artstyle that feels as if you're watching a cartoon! If you enjoy games like Devil May Cry or Bayonetta, this game is a must play."\cf4 \
        g1.\cf7 gameimage\cf4  = \cf8 "rush.jpeg"\cf4 \
        \
        \cf7 GameArray\cf4 .\cf9 append\cf4 (g1)\
        \
        \
        
\f0\b \cf2 let
\f1\b0 \cf4  g2 = \cf6 Game\cf4 ()\
        g2.\cf7 gamename\cf4  = \cf8 "Pizza Tower"\cf4 \
        g2.\cf7 genre\cf4  = \cf8 "Wario-Esque Platformer"\cf4 \
        g2.\cf7 releasedate\cf4  = \cf8 "Jan 26th, 2023"\cf4 \
        g2.\cf7 price\cf4  = \cf8 "$20"\cf4 \
        g2.\cf7 platform\cf4  = \cf8 "Steam"\cf4 \
        g2.\cf7 gamelength\cf4  = \cf8 "~8 Hours"\cf4 \
        g2.\cf7 reviews\cf4  = \cf8 "https://www.metacritic.com/game/pizza-tower/"\cf4 \
        g2.\cf7 gamedescription\cf4  = \cf8 "Pizza Tower is heavily inspired by the Wario platformers that Nintendo created long ago. What makes this game so special is its ability to not dwell on any new mechanics. This high speed platformer moves on from one idea to the next, with a soundtrack that constantly gets you grooving. This game also has a very unique artsyle, as most of what you see was designed using Microsoft Paint! The game involves you climbing a pizza-themed tower, but things quickly get more complicated... If you've been waiting for Nintendo to make a classic Wario platformer, this is it."\cf4 \
        g2.\cf7 gameimage\cf4  = \cf8 "pizza.jpeg"\cf4 \
        \
        \cf7 GameArray\cf4 .\cf9 append\cf4 (g2)\
        \
        \
        
\f0\b \cf2 let
\f1\b0 \cf4  g3 = \cf6 Game\cf4 ()\
        g3.\cf7 gamename\cf4  = \cf8 "Bomb Rush Cyberfunk"\cf4 \
        g3.\cf7 genre\cf4  = \cf8 "3D Action Platformer"\cf4 \
        g3.\cf7 releasedate\cf4  = \cf8 "Aug 18th, 2023"\cf4 \
        g3.\cf7 price\cf4  = \cf8 "$40"\cf4 \
        g3.\cf7 platform\cf4  = \cf8 "Xbox One, Xbox Series X|S, PS4, PS5, Switch, Steam"\cf4 \
        g3.\cf7 gamelength\cf4  = \cf8 "~10 Hours"\cf4 \
        g3.\cf7 reviews\cf4  = \cf8 "https://www.metacritic.com/game/bomb-rush-cyberfunk/"\cf4 \
        g3.\cf7 gamedescription\cf4  = \cf8 "This Jet Set Radio inspired game is all about fancy movement. Whether it be skateboarding, bike riding, or roller skating, this game allows you to have fun in a heabvily stylized city, where being the best means going all-city. The soundtrack pushes you forward, motivating you to increase your combo count and aim for higher scores. People who loved Jet Set Radio must pick this one up, or anyone who enjoys the Tony Hawk series."\cf4 \
        g3.\cf7 gameimage\cf4  = \cf8 "skate.jpeg"\cf4 \
        \
        \cf7 GameArray\cf4 .\cf9 append\cf4 (g3)\
        \
        \
        
\f0\b \cf2 let
\f1\b0 \cf4  g4 = \cf6 Game\cf4 ()\
        g4.\cf7 gamename\cf4  = \cf8 "Lies of P"\cf4 \
        g4.\cf7 genre\cf4  = \cf8 "Souls-Borne"\cf4 \
        g4.\cf7 releasedate\cf4  = \cf8 "Sep 19th, 2023"\cf4 \
        g4.\cf7 price\cf4  = \cf8 "$60"\cf4 \
        g4.\cf7 platform\cf4  = \cf8 "Xbox One, Xbox Series X|S, PS4, PS5, Steam"\cf4 \
        g4.\cf7 gamelength\cf4  = \cf8 "~30 Hours"\cf4 \
        g4.\cf7 reviews\cf4  = \cf8 "https://www.metacritic.com/game/lies-of-p/"\cf4 \
        g4.\cf7 gamedescription\cf4  = \cf8 "This game is extremely inspired by FromSoftware's Dark Souls series and its beloved classic Bloodborne, and this game wears said inspirations on its sleeve. As many will know, this game is not for the faint of heart. Boss battles are plentiful, and most of them hit like a truck and have multiple phases. There are many creative weapons as well, along with a weapon crafting system that will keep you engaged with your character build.What differentiates this game from other souls-borne games is the game's setting and story, which are based on the story of Pinnochio. Many references are included throughout, which will please fans of the original story. The game is very dark and gritty, with dark cityscapes and monster-infested sewers. Those who are up for a challenge will certainly find one here with Lies of P."\cf4 \
        g4.\cf7 gameimage\cf4  = \cf8 "lies.jpeg"\cf4 \
        \
        \cf7 GameArray\cf4 .\cf9 append\cf4 (g4)\
        \
        \
        
\f0\b \cf2 let
\f1\b0 \cf4  g5 = \cf6 Game\cf4 ()\
        g5.\cf7 gamename\cf4  = \cf8 "Mortal Kombat 1"\cf4 \
        g5.\cf7 genre\cf4  = \cf8 "Fighting"\cf4 \
        g5.\cf7 releasedate\cf4  = \cf8 "Sep 14th, 2023"\cf4 \
        g5.\cf7 price\cf4  = \cf8 "$70"\cf4 \
        g5.\cf7 platform\cf4  = \cf8 "Xbox Series X|S, PS5, Switch, Steam"\cf4 \
        g5.\cf7 gamelength\cf4  = \cf8 "Story: ~8 Hours"\cf4 \
        g5.\cf7 reviews\cf4  = \cf8 "https://www.metacritic.com/game/mortal-kombat-1/"\cf4 \
        g5.\cf7 gamedescription\cf4  = \cf8 "Mortal Kombat is back once more, with a soft reboot no less! The universe has been reset by Lui Kang, introducing new spins on characters that haven't been seen before. This time around, gameplay is more combo-oriented, and with the new Kameo Assist System, gameplay can get very chaotic. To spice the game up even more, Netherrealm will include new guest characters such as OmniMan or Homelander, pleasing many fighting game and TV show fans. If you were put off by Mortal Kombat 11's gameplay, this one might just pull you back in."\cf4 \
        g5.\cf7 gameimage\cf4  = \cf8 "fight.jpeg"}